=head1 Featherspec Specification

A C<FEATHER.spec> featherspec file uses the JSON format to store the metadata
for the feather it describes. It contains a single hash with any of the fields
described below.

The featherspec must appear in the top directory of the C<.pf> archive. It
will not be searched for in any subdirectories.

=head2 Valid Fields

The following fields are recognized by Plumage. Feather packagers are free to
use any other fields for their own purposes but they will not be recognized
by Plumage.

=head3 Required Fields

=over 4

=item B<name>

The full name of the package/project to be installed.

Example: C<Cardinal>

=item B<version>

The package/project version. The string C<*> may be used if the version is not
significant.

Example: C<1.9.2>

=item B<description>

=over 4

=item B<summary>

A brief, one-line description of the package/project.

Example: C<A general-purpose dynamic language similar to Perl and Smalltalk.>

=item B<detailed>

A longer, more detailed description of the package/project.

Example:

    "Cardinal is an implementation of Ruby: an interpreted language which
    supports multiple paradigms including object-oriented, functional, and
    reflective. It features a dynamic type system, garbage collection, and
    native threads. Its syntax is very similar to that of Perl, Python, Ada,
    and Smalltalk."

=item B<license>

The license under which the package/project is released.

Example: C<GNU General Public License v2>

=item B<homepage>

A URI that points to the homepage for the package/project.

Example: C<http://ruby-lang.org>

=back

=item B<dependencies>

An array whose elements describe any other packages/projects it depends on.
It can be left empty if the package/project has no dependencies.

Example: C<[ "gcc", "libpthread" ]>

=item B<platforms>

An array whose elements are platform identifiers describing the platforms
supported by the package/project.

If the array is empty, it is assumed that the package/project is portable to
all platforms.

Example: C<[ "Linux", "MacOS", "MSWin32" ]>

=item B<source>

=over 4

=item B<file>

Filename of the source archive to package.

Example: C<cardinal-1.9.2.tar.gz>

=item B<sha256>

The SHA256 message digest of the source archive.

Example: C<c53c6b96081b0a5b9b2fb4d0133d55c20e5e00e4c127ade62f03434ee7b3d2de>

=back

=item B<type>

The feather type: C<source> or C<binary>.

Example: C<binary>

=back

=head3 Optional Fields

=over 4

=item B<build>

=over 4

=item B<type>

The build system to use for source feathers.

Example: C<make>

=item B<copy-dir>

An array whose elements specify the directories to copy to the installation
directory. Useful for installing extra documentation or examples.

Example: C<[ "docs", "man" ]>

=back

=item B<keywords>

An array whose elements represent keywords associated with the package/project.

Example: C<[ "ruby", "gems", "language" ]>

=back
