=begin

=head1 Adding a New Build Tool

There are a great many build tools in the wild, from F<make> to F<Build>,
F<rake> to F<distutils>.  Each of these has its own conventions, command
structure, and so on.  This document describes the steps necessary to add
support for a new build tool to Plumage.


=head2 System Program Location

If the tool requires a system program not yet known to Plumage, you will need
to add a line to the C<find_binaries()> sub at the end of the C<INIT> section
of F<src/plumage.nqp> to cache the location of the new binary.  There are three
stanzas to choose from, each finding programs using a different technique:

=over 4

=item *

Programs installed with parrot

=item *

Programs used to build parrot

=item *

Miscellaneous programs in the user's search path

=back


=head2 Build Tool Type Name

Each build tool is identified in the metadata by a unique type name matching
C</^[a-z][a-z0-9_]*[a-z0-9]$/>.  For unique or cross-language tools, the type
name is generally just the lowercase name of the build tool; C<make> and
C<rake> use this convention.  If this might be ambiguous, or the tool depends
on an unrelated program, a more specific name can be used; C<perl5_build> and
C<parrot_setup> are examples of this.

Please discuss your suggested new build type name with the Plumage development
team before committing to the new name -- we'd prefer not to have to change
it after users have already started depending on it.


=head2 Specific Action Methods

For each project action in F<src/lib/Plumage/Project.nqp> that the new build
tool supports, you will need to add specific action methods to implement that
action using the new tool.  These are named with the base action method name
and the build tool's type name separated by an underscore.  For example, to
support Parrot's F<setup.pir> tool, with the type name C<parrot_setup>, we
added new methods named C<build_parrot_setup()>, C<test_parrot_setup()>, and
so on.  Each of these must return 1 for success and 0 for failure.


=head2 Documentation

XXXX: SPECULATIVE

Add a new entry to the list of supported build tools, and describe the tool
in more detail, along with any special features or limitations of the Plumage
support in the C<DESCRIPTION> section of F<src/lib/Plumage/Project.nqp>'s POD.


=head2 Tests

C<Plumage::Project> does not have a test suite yet.


=end
