=head1 Adding a New Command

This document describes how to add a new command to Plumage, so that users can
run C<plumage foo> for some new C<foo>.

=head2 Before You Start

Make sure that any new functionality exists in the C<Plumage::*> libraries so
that it can be used by any other scripts or interfaces. This document only
explains how to expose I<existing> library functionality through the default
command-line interface.

If the new command is a project action, first follow the instructions in
L<Add a New Project Action|add-action.pod> before reading on.

=head2 Base Implementation

To add a new command to the command-line tool, you will need to update
F<src/plumage.nqp> in three places:

=over 4

=item *

Add a new F<command_> subroutine implementing the new command at an appropriate
place in the C<COMMANDS> section.

=item *

Add a new key to the C<%COMMANDS> hash near the top of the file to enable the
new command.

=item *

Update the C<usage_info()> subroutine at the top of the C<COMMANDS> section so
that the user can find it.

=back

If the command is a project action, you can skip the first step above and
simply reuse C<command_project_action()> which provides default behavior
for any project action. You will still need to do the other above steps though.

=head2 Tests

You should also add tests for your new command in the F<t/> directory.
There should be at least four kinds of tests for every command:

=over 4

=item Null Tests

The command should do something sane (usually complain to the user) if it
requires arguments but none were provided.

=item Fuzz Tests

The command should still behave properly or display an error message when
presented with bad arguments.

=item Environment Tests

The command should similarly behave itself when presented with a bad
environment (bad permissions, incorrect settings, invalid state info, etc.).
This could mean displaying an error message or fixing the problem (with
appropriate user notification).

=item Correctness Tests

Given the correct number and type of arguments and a valid environment, the
command should actually do what it claims to do.

=back

=head2 Documentation

Lastly, make sure you properly document the purpose and features of the new
command in the manpage (F<man/man1/plumage.1>). Documentation is very
important!
