=head1 Contributing

=head2 Getting Started

Before reading on, please see L<Internal Design|design-internals.pod> to get an
idea of what things go where. After that, you might want to take a look at some
of the more detailed documents in the F<docs/hacking/> directory.

To contribute code, you will want to be familiar with both the NQP and PIR
languages; though over time, PIR expertise will become less important as we
replace old PIR code with NQP. Metadata is stored in JSON format which is fairly
easy to understand but Parrot's JSON parser is currently rather picky so it
helps to be pedantic if it's whining at you.

=head2 The Rules

Don't worry, there aren't many.

Fundamentally, our committer rules boil down to the same ones Parrot uses:

=over 4

=item *

Don't break the build.

=item *

Increase the awesome.

=back

Many thanks to I<chromatic> for suggesting these.

Our coding conventions and guidelines are the same as those used by the
Parrot project. They can be viewed at
L<http://docs.parrot.org/parrot/latest/html/docs/pdds/pdd07_codingstd.pod.html>.
Please do your best to follow them; we want our code to be clean and consistent.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask on C<#parrot>.

=head2 Submitting Your Changes

Commit bits are given freely to those who have sent in a signed CLA to the
Parrot project; just ping I<japhb> on C<#parrot> at C<irc.parrot.org> and ask.
You are welcome to clone the Git repository and send patches - one of us will
review them and commit or reply with comments.

With your first patch or commit, please add yourself to the F<CREDITS> file.

Welcome to the Plumage team. We're happy to have you!
