.\" Copyright (C) 2009-2011, Parrot Foundation.
.TH PLUMAGE "1" "July 2011" "Parrot VM" "Plumage Manual Pages"
.SH NAME
plumage \- package manager for Parrot module ecosystem
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B plumage
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]... \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIARGUMENTS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Plumage is the package manager for the Parrot VM module ecosystem. With it, you
can perform tasks such as searching, installing, and testing modules in the
ecosystem.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
Displays a help message on command usage.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\-file\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Reads additional config file in \fIPATH\fR.
.TP
\fB-i\fR, \fB\-\-ignore\-fail\fR
Ignores any failed build stages.
.TP
\fB-i\fR, \fB\-\-ignore\-fail\fR=\fISTAGE\fR
Ignores failures only for \fISTAGE\fR (may be repeated to select more than one
stage).
.TP
\fB-i\fR, \fB\-\-ignore\-fail\fR=\fISTAGE\fR=\fI0\fR
Doesn't ignore failures in \fISTAGE\fR.
.SH COMMANDS
.SS General:
.TP
\fBcli\fR
Starts interactive command-line interface (default with no commands).
.TP
\fBversion\fR
Displays Plumage version and copyright statement.
.TP
\fBhelp\fR [\fICOMMAND\fR]
Displays a help message on \fICOMMAND\fR usage (defaults to all).
.SS Query metadata and project info:
.TP
\fBprojects\fR
Lists all known projects.
.TP
\fBstatus\fR [\fIPROJECT\fR]
Shows status of \fIPROJECT\fR (defaults to all).
.TP
\fBinfo\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Displays detailed description of \fIPROJECT\fR.
.TP
\fBmetadata\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Displays JSON metadata for \fIPROJECT\fR.
.TP
\fBshow-deps\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Shows dependencies for \fIPROJECT\fR.
.TP
\fBproject-dir\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Displays top directory for \fIPROJECT\fR.
.SS Perform actions on a project:
.TP
\fBfetch\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Downloads source code for \fIPROJECT\fR.
.TP
\fBupdate\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Updates source code for \fIPROJECT\fR (falls back to fetch).
.TP
\fBconfigure\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Configures source code for \fIPROJECT\fR (runs 'update' first).
.TP
\fBbuild\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Builds \fIPROJECT\fR in current directory (runs 'configure' first).
.TP
\fBtest\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Runs test suite for \fIPROJECT\fR (runs 'build' first).
.TP
\fBsmoke\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Sends test results to Parrot's Smolder server (runs 'build' first).
.TP
\fBinstall\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Installs \fIPROJECT\fR (runs 'test' first).
.TP
\fBuninstall\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Uninstalls \fIPROJECT\fR from system (not always available).
.TP
\fBclean\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Performs basic cleanup of source tree for \fIPROJECT\fR.
.TP
\fBrealclean\fR \fIPROJECT\fR
Removes all generated files during the build process for \fIPROJECT\fR.
.SH AUTHORS
Written by Geoffrey Broadwell.
.PP
.SH CONTRIBUTORS
Daniel Arbelo Arrocha, Bob Kuo, Francois Perrad, Jonathan "Duke" Leto,
NotFound, Peter Lobsinger, Patrick Michaud, Stephen Weeks,
Andrew Whitworth, and Kevin Polulak.
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright (C) 2009-2011, Parrot Foundation.
.PP
Plumage is distributed under the terms of the Artistic License 2.0.
For further information, please see LICENSE or visit
.UR http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0
.UE .
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
http://parrot.github.com/plumage, https://github.com/parrot/plumage
